so I was so excited to find out that
celebrity chef listen I get the sense
that you are into food because it's all
over your arms yes look at this
I know we can get a shot okay that's a
skull ladies so this is a lobster is
that a lobster there that's a shrimp
oh but more knives selfish it's close
it's cause this is a lobster you love
you love your seafood yes yeah fish
seafood lobster shellfish anything
honestly I love food in general I love
to cook and I love to have a good time
in the kitchen yeah and I know you can't
be trusted with a knife so that's why
I'm gonna take him no I've been warned
like I've got like five or ten emails
already if I let it touch the knife
Traci's not allowed to charge any more
but we'll get you involved oh yeah I'll
do something maybe we're gonna do a
black cod ratatouille which is it would
you call it a traditional French dish
yeah you know you know the thing is is
ratatouille the movie was phenomenal
and in that movie he chops up the
vegetables and and Thomas Keller who's a
very famous chef kind of put a twist on
it and this is kind of like my take as
well when when this came out the movie
just come out I think anybody who has
into food into cooking or even people
who weren't just got really inspired by
that movie even though it's a cartoon
it's just an amazing amazing movie so
kind of got inspired by that so you
really did love and watch the movie yeah
okay that was a joke
toom it's a good movie yeah so how do
you want to start making a you know wrap
that to week so basically what i'm doing
here is i'm taking amazing and right now
you know summertime vegetables
especially in ontario i go back i mean
all over Canada we have great photos but
yeah especially right now in in Ontario
it's the best that it's ever been so I
need to start chopping up some
and all that stuff you get ready I'm
gonna get you to I feel this yes do it
look okay I'm not gonna lose any nails
yes is that it and I'm gonna chop away
here and this is just gonna be my prep
area yeah just doing it so far not so
good yeah
am i doing it come on a little bit
harder a little bit of muscle perhaps
here truck it's not me it's the tool I
don't know the trick tool - I hope
you're not try it this way try this way
okay and when you're cooking you know
Itsuki need tomato onion anything that's
round that rolls you want to kind of
square it off a little bit so you can
protect yourself and just chop away now
kind of like anything else in the
kitchen it's harder than it looks okay
really yeah
it's interpretation you know I think
that's the beauty of cooking is that you
get to be creative and kind of put your
own spin on things so I'm totally doing
everything you're saying doing it one
way yeah but there's really kind of real
way to do this and you can kind of do it
however you want
okay it's coming along great as you can
see some chefs are really strict about
having everything the same size same
thinness is that important to the way
that the ratatouille is gonna cook you
know yes or no I think there's no needs
to be respected and a lot of times so if
you were gonna make it Bruno's which is
that honestly you do it know what you
could actually you could not peel it if
you want it's okay it also adds color
but just because the cook time is kind
of slow on this you just want to get get
rid of that but everything in the same
size is important when you're sticking
to traditional things like a brunoise
which is a small dice when you ask for a
brunoise so you need to make a broom
laws if I tell you chopped up vegetables
kind of go at your own speed and do
whatever you want you know I kind of
feel that people should just get
involved and do whatever they feel like
honestly well that's kind of why I
appreciate your style of cooking
I mean you saw that I just did to that
eggplant and it wasn't pretty
the bottom line
is that it's about the food it's about
the flavor it's not so much about the
technique and I like that in the kitchen
that's my intention to get people to
start cooking so we're gonna go really
loose I heard you like salt and pepper
that's like your thang so okay yeah yeah
beautiful very nice and now it's really
about summing it and you kind of do
whatever you want here you can go any
way but I kind of just like to well look
at how perfect you know I just I just
stack it up yeah just like that see
everything stack there you go stack
stack a little bit of this do we want to
go a little bit easier on the tomato cuz
it's a little goofy or do we not care
you know what we don't care okay we
don't care piece of business a lovely
piece of black cod is such an amazing
piece of fish it's so tender if it's
cooked progress right yes and you can
use black cod you can use any fish right
now yeah
Ontario pick rule trout there's so much
good stuff a little bit of salt and
pepper on the fish I put in salt on
there as well we can add a couple of
slices of lemon in there why not lemon
and fish could come pick it up yes so
this is gonna be even easier then cuz
whenever you do these little parchment
packages it cooks so easily so quickly
all the flavors combined together how
long do you usually leave it in for you
know it all depends on the size and the
piece of fish yeah you could also do
this on the barbecue with a little bit
of foil that would work as well a nice
buns I tend to go not too long not to
overcook the fish haha but it all
depends on on how hot the oven is it's
really about testing it out and making
sure that that's not overcook but yeah
it looks something like this it's
amazing yeah the flavors mixed together
my gosh
yeah I mean and we put butter in there
we could put olive oil or really we
could have left it with out anything and
make it really low-fat and so really you
can go anywhere with this recipe and
that's the beauty of it a little bit of
herbs whatever you want you know kind of
the same
thing very nice now the whole idea for
the show that you do on this network is
about it's called Chuck's day off
because it's the day of the week that
you were not working in the restaurant
right that was Rosie is closed on that
day restaurant is closed on that day and
since you are a lover of food it is the
day that you wanted to be cooking with
friends and family and that's what the
show is based on do you have one piece
of advice for the people out me like me
out there who are not little in love
with cooking to get us in the kitchen
what's your piece of advice you know and
I say this to everybody I think really a
lot of people are just scared yeah
getting in there really if I can do it
let's be honest anybody can do it do you
think you saw how simple this was and
how easy it is why and it's really about
getting in there and trying things and
trusting yourself right I'm just having
fun
ultimately like you're playing with food
yeah I get to eat it so yeah I'm telling
you're like III tell people all the time
just get in there get inspired and have
a good time like right just trust
yourself hold that for me actually it's
really really hot but you have chef
hands so you should be fine yeah
sorry about that it's just beeping well
our web team caught up with chuck as
well and you can catch the full
interview on our website that is city
line CA